com/md/dzbp/data/EaseEmojicon.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.EaseEmojicon
 com.md.dzbp.data.EaseEmojicon$Type
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/DropdownAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownAdapter
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
com/md/dzbp/data/ClassManagerBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ClassManagerBean
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/myToast.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.myToast
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/OnDropdownItemClickListener.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.OnDropdownItemClickListener
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/tcp/TcpClient.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TcpClient
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TcpClient$1
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/md/dzbp/utils/MyJzvdStd.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.MyJzvdStd
com/md/dzbp/data/ImgFile.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ImgFile
com/md/dzbp/Manifest.java
 com.md.dzbp.Manifest
 com.md.dzbp.Manifest$permission
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/PatrolActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$5$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.PatrolActivity$6
com/md/dzbp/utils/ACache.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.ACache
 com.md.dzbp.utils.ACache$1
 com.md.dzbp.utils.ACache$ACacheManager
 com.md.dzbp.utils.ACache$ACacheManager$1
 com.md.dzbp.utils.ACache$Utils
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/AudioRecorder/AudioRecorderButton.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioRecorderButton
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioRecorderButton$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioRecorderButton$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioRecorderButton$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioRecorderButton$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioRecorderButton$AudioFinishRecorderListener
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/widget/FixedPopupWindow.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.widget.FixedPopupWindow
com/md/dzbp/data/NoticeBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.NoticeBean
com/md/dzbp/utils/GlideZBImageLoader.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GlideZBImageLoader
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/MeetingActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MeetingActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MeetingActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MeetingActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MeetingActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MeetingActivity$4
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/VideoShowActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.VideoShowActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.VideoShowActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.VideoShowActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.VideoShowActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.VideoShowActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.VideoShowActivity$5
top/zibin/luban/R.java
 top.zibin.luban.R
 top.zibin.luban.R$string
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/LooperImgPlayActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.LooperImgPlayActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.LooperImgPlayActivity$1
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/ExamActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ExamActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ExamActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ExamActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ExamActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ExamActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ExamActivity$5
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/DropdownMenu.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownMenu
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownMenu$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownMenu$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownMenu$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownMenu$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.DropdownMenu$5
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/InterestClassActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.InterestClassActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.InterestClassActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.InterestClassActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.InterestClassActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.InterestClassActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.InterestClassActivity$5
com/md/dzbp/Base/ExitUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.Base.ExitUtils
com/md/dzbp/model/DahuaModel.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaModel
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaModel$1
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaModel$2
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaModel$LoginAndPlayTask
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaModel$LoginAndSnapTask
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaModel$TestfSnapRev
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$bool
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/data/Meetingbean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.Meetingbean
 com.md.dzbp.data.Meetingbean$MeetingUserListBean
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/adapter/MyBaseAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.MyBaseAdapter
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/data/Migration3.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.Migration3
com/md/dzbp/tcp/DigitalUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.DigitalUtils
com/md/dzbp/tcp/TcpService.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TcpService
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TcpService$LocalBinder
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TcpService$LocalConn
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/SettingActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SettingActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SettingActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SettingActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SettingActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SettingActivity$4
com/md/dzbp/utils/BitmapUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.BitmapUtils
 com.md.dzbp.utils.BitmapUtils$BitmapSize
com/md/dzbp/adapter/StuListAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.StuListAdapter
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.StuListAdapter$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.StuListAdapter$OnItemClickLitener
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.StuListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/md/dzbp/tcp/TCPMessage.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TCPMessage
com/md/dzbp/tcp/TcpServiceInstalledReceiver.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.TcpServiceInstalledReceiver
com/md/dzbp/data/SendSignEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.SendSignEvent
com/md/dzbp/data/ClassInfoBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ClassInfoBean
com/md/dzbp/adapter/VoiceMsgSendItem.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem$2
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem$3
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem$3$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgSendItem$4
com/ToxicBakery/viewpager/transforms/R.java
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$attr
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$color
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$dimen
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$drawable
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$id
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$integer
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$layout
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$string
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$style
 com.ToxicBakery.viewpager.transforms.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/utils/SnapUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.SnapUtils
 com.md.dzbp.utils.SnapUtils$1
 com.md.dzbp.utils.SnapUtils$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.utils.SnapUtils$2
 com.md.dzbp.utils.SnapUtils$2$1
com/md/dzbp/data/TextReceiveMessage.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.TextReceiveMessage
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/HKCameraUtil.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HKCameraUtil
com/md/dzbp/ftp/ProgressInputStream.java
 com.md.dzbp.ftp.ProgressInputStream
com/md/dzbp/data/ExamBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ExamBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.ExamBean$ExaminationBean
com/zhy/base/adapter/R.java
 com.zhy.base.adapter.R
 com.zhy.base.adapter.R$attr
 com.zhy.base.adapter.R$dimen
 com.zhy.base.adapter.R$id
 com.zhy.base.adapter.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/task/SwitchTask.java
 com.md.dzbp.task.SwitchTask
 com.md.dzbp.task.SwitchTask$1
 com.md.dzbp.task.SwitchTask$2
 com.md.dzbp.task.SwitchTask$3
com/md/dzbp/utils/MainGestureDetector.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.MainGestureDetector
 com.md.dzbp.utils.MainGestureDetector$1
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/FixedHeightListView.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.FixedHeightListView
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/tcp/ServerManager.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$1$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$1$3
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$1$4
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ServerManager$3
com/md/dzbp/data/WorkTimePoint.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.WorkTimePoint
 com.md.dzbp.data.WorkTimePoint$1
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/MyRecyclerView.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MyRecyclerView
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MyRecyclerView$1
com/md/dzbp/constants/APIConfig.java
 com.md.dzbp.constants.APIConfig
com/md/dzbp/constants/MSGTYPE.java
 com.md.dzbp.constants.MSGTYPE
com/md/dzbp/data/LocalNetParamsbean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.LocalNetParamsbean
com/md/dzbp/data/BookBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.BookBean
com/md/dzbp/utils/GlideImageLoader.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GlideImageLoader
com/md/dzbp/data/SignInfoBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.SignInfoBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.SignInfoBean$ClassInfoBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.SignInfoBean$StudentBean
com/md/dzbp/data/PatrolEditEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.PatrolEditEvent
com/md/dzbp/model/NetSDKLib.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetSDKLib
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetSDKLib$DeviceDisConnect
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetSDKLib$DeviceDisConnect$1
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetSDKLib$DeviceReConnect
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/MsgDialog.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MsgDialog
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MsgDialog$1
com/md/dzbp/data/ExamPlan.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ExamPlan
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/HCSdkManager.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdkManager
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/adapter/ParentListAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.ParentListAdapter
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.ParentListAdapter$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.ParentListAdapter$OnItemClickLitener
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.ParentListAdapter$ViewHolder
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/AutoScrollViewPager.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AutoScrollViewPager
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AutoScrollViewPager$MyHandler
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/md/dzbp/adapter/HonorListAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.HonorListAdapter
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.HonorListAdapter$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.HonorListAdapter$OnItemClickLitener
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.HonorListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/md/dzbp/data/StudentInfoBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.StudentInfoBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.StudentInfoBean$HonorBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.StudentInfoBean$HonorBean$ImagelistBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.StudentInfoBean$ParentsBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.StudentInfoBean$StudentBean
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/ProgressCustomView.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.ProgressCustomView
com/md/dzbp/data/PatrolBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.PatrolBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.PatrolBean$AttendanceBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.PatrolBean$InspectionParametersBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.PatrolBean$TeacherBean
com/zk/banner/R.java
 com.zk.banner.R
 com.zk.banner.R$animator
 com.zk.banner.R$attr
 com.zk.banner.R$color
 com.zk.banner.R$dimen
 com.zk.banner.R$drawable
 com.zk.banner.R$id
 com.zk.banner.R$integer
 com.zk.banner.R$layout
 com.zk.banner.R$mipmap
 com.zk.banner.R$string
 com.zk.banner.R$style
 com.zk.banner.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/TeacherActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$8
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.TeacherActivity$9
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/MainDialog.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$10
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$11
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$12
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$13
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$8
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MainDialog$9
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/TimeStruct.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.TimeStruct
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.TimeStruct$1
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
cn/finalteam/okhttpfinal/R.java
 cn.finalteam.okhttpfinal.R
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/md/dzbp/model/TimeListener.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.TimeListener
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/data/SignBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.SignBean
com/md/dzbp/data/ImageReceiveMessage.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ImageReceiveMessage
com/apkfuns/logutils/R.java
 com.apkfuns.logutils.R
 com.apkfuns.logutils.R$string
com/md/dzbp/data/CameraInfo.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.CameraInfo
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/widget/FontIcon.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.widget.FontIcon
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/AudioRecorder/AudioDialogManage.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioDialogManage
com/md/dzbp/utils/RoundRectImageView.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.RoundRectImageView
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/NoticeActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$8
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.NoticeActivity$9
androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/md/dzbp/tcp/ResolveResult.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.ResolveResult
cn/jzvd/R.java
 cn.jzvd.R
 cn.jzvd.R$anim
 cn.jzvd.R$attr
 cn.jzvd.R$color
 cn.jzvd.R$dimen
 cn.jzvd.R$drawable
 cn.jzvd.R$id
 cn.jzvd.R$integer
 cn.jzvd.R$layout
 cn.jzvd.R$string
 cn.jzvd.R$style
 cn.jzvd.R$styleable
 cn.jzvd.R$xml
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/raizlabs/android/dbflow/R.java
 com.raizlabs.android.dbflow.R
com/md/dzbp/tcp/SocketTransceiver.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.SocketTransceiver
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$10
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$11
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$12
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$8
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.MainActivity$9
com/md/dzbp/ProcessService.java
 com.md.dzbp.ProcessService
 com.md.dzbp.ProcessService$Stub
 com.md.dzbp.ProcessService$Stub$Proxy
com/md/dzbp/tcp/FileHandle.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.FileHandle
com/md/dzbp/adapter/TxtMsgSendItem.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.TxtMsgSendItem
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/AttendanceActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$8
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.AttendanceActivity$9
com/md/dzbp/data/WorkTimePeriod.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.WorkTimePeriod
com/md/dzbp/data/AppDatabase.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.AppDatabase
com/md/dzbp/data/VoiceSendMessage.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.VoiceSendMessage
com/md/dzbp/data/SchoolBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.SchoolBean
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/PlayerCallback.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.PlayerCallback
com/md/dzbp/data/ScreenShotEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.ScreenShotEvent
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/AudioRecorder/AudioManage.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioManage
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioManage$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioManage$AudioStateListener
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.AudioRecorder.AudioManage$OnAudioStatusUpdateListener
com/md/dzbp/data/MsgSendStatus.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.MsgSendStatus
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
 androidx.core.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.core.ktx.R$color
 androidx.core.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.core.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.core.ktx.R$id
 androidx.core.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.core.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.core.ktx.R$string
 androidx.core.ktx.R$style
 androidx.core.ktx.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/utils/GlideImgManager.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GlideImgManager
com/md/dzbp/service/BootCompletedReceiver.java
 com.md.dzbp.service.BootCompletedReceiver
com/md/dzbp/model/DahuaListener.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.DahuaListener
com/md/dzbp/utils/BannerVideoLoader.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.BannerVideoLoader
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/CustomDurationScroller.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.CustomDurationScroller
com/md/dzbp/data/SignEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.SignEvent
com/md/dzbp/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.FileUtils
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/data/MessageBase.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.MessageBase
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/MenuManager.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.MenuManager
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.MenuManager$1
com/md/dzbp/Base/BaseActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.Base.BaseActivity
com/md/dzbp/tcp/RemoteService.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.RemoteService
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.RemoteService$RemoteBinder
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.RemoteService$RemoteConn
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/MultiScroll.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MultiScroll
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MultiScroll$YScrollDetector
com/md/dzbp/data/Attendance.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.Attendance
 com.md.dzbp.data.Attendance$AttendancedataBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.Attendance$AttendancedataBean$StuBean
com/md/dzbp/data/UpdateDate.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.UpdateDate
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/utils/GetCardNumUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GetCardNumUtils
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GetCardNumUtils$1
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GetCardNumUtils$2
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GetCardNumUtils$SetNum
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/StudentActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$10
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$8
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.StudentActivity$9
com/md/dzbp/data/FtpParams.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.FtpParams
com/md/dzbp/data/TextSendMessage.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.TextSendMessage
butterknife/R.java
 butterknife.R
 butterknife.R$attr
 butterknife.R$color
 butterknife.R$dimen
 butterknife.R$drawable
 butterknife.R$id
 butterknife.R$integer
 butterknife.R$layout
 butterknife.R$string
 butterknife.R$style
 butterknife.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/utils/GlideRoundTransform.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GlideRoundTransform
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/md/dzbp/data/SchoolAreaBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.SchoolAreaBean
com/md/dzbp/task/CheckAppRunningForegroundTask.java
 com.md.dzbp.task.CheckAppRunningForegroundTask
 com.md.dzbp.task.CheckAppRunningForegroundTask$1
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/HorizontalListView.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.HorizontalListView
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.HorizontalListView$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.HorizontalListView$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.HorizontalListView$3
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/adapter/ChatAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.ChatAdapter
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
com/nanchen/compresshelper/R.java
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$anim
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$attr
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$bool
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$color
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$dimen
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$drawable
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$id
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$integer
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$layout
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$string
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$style
 com.nanchen.compresshelper.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/tcp/MessageHandle.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$3
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$4
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$5
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$6
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MessageHandle$7
com/md/dzbp/model/TimeUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.TimeUtils
 com.md.dzbp.model.TimeUtils$1
 com.md.dzbp.model.TimeUtils$TimeThread
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/MyProgressDialog.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MyProgressDialog
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.MyProgressDialog$1
com/md/dzbp/adapter/TxtMsgReceiveItem.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.TxtMsgReceiveItem
com/md/dzbp/adapter/MyViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.MyViewPagerAdapter
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.MyViewPagerAdapter$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.MyViewPagerAdapter$OnItemClickPosition
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/SignActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$2
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$2$1
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$3
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$4
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$5
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$6
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$7
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SignActivity$8
com/md/dzbp/data/BaseBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.BaseBean
com/md/dzbp/BuildConfig.java
 com.md.dzbp.BuildConfig
com/md/dzbp/data/CourseBean.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.CourseBean
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/ArrayDropdownAdapter.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.ArrayDropdownAdapter
com/md/dzbp/data/LoginEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.LoginEvent
com/md/dzbp/utils/GlideCircleTransform.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GlideCircleTransform
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/HCSdk.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdk
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdk$1
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdk$2
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdk$3
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdk$4
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.HCSdk$PlaybackRunnable
com/md/dzbp/data/FileInfo.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.FileInfo
com/md/dzbp/service/UploadService.java
 com.md.dzbp.service.UploadService
 com.md.dzbp.service.UploadService$1
 com.md.dzbp.service.UploadService$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.service.UploadService$2
com/md/dzbp/ftp/FTP.java
 com.md.dzbp.ftp.FTP
 com.md.dzbp.ftp.FTP$DeleteFileProgressListener
 com.md.dzbp.ftp.FTP$DownLoadProgressListener
 com.md.dzbp.ftp.FTP$UploadProgressListener
com/md/dzbp/tcp/DatagramR.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.DatagramR
com/md/dzbp/R.java
 com.md.dzbp.R
 com.md.dzbp.R$anim
 com.md.dzbp.R$animator
 com.md.dzbp.R$attr
 com.md.dzbp.R$bool
 com.md.dzbp.R$color
 com.md.dzbp.R$dimen
 com.md.dzbp.R$drawable
 com.md.dzbp.R$id
 com.md.dzbp.R$integer
 com.md.dzbp.R$interpolator
 com.md.dzbp.R$layout
 com.md.dzbp.R$mipmap
 com.md.dzbp.R$plurals
 com.md.dzbp.R$raw
 com.md.dzbp.R$string
 com.md.dzbp.R$style
 com.md.dzbp.R$styleable
 com.md.dzbp.R$xml
com/md/dzbp/utils/EaseSmileUtils.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.EaseSmileUtils
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/dropdownmenu/widget/CascadeView.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.dropdownmenu.widget.CascadeView
com/md/dzbp/utils/CrashHandler.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.CrashHandler
 com.md.dzbp.utils.CrashHandler$1
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SplashActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.SplashActivity$1
com/md/dzbp/adapter/VoiceMsgReceiveItem.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgReceiveItem
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgReceiveItem$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgReceiveItem$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgReceiveItem$2
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgReceiveItem$2$1
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.VoiceMsgReceiveItem$3
com/md/dzbp/Base/ClientApp.java
 com.md.dzbp.Base.ClientApp
 com.md.dzbp.Base.ClientApp$1
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/md/dzbp/data/HistoryMsg.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.HistoryMsg
com/md/dzbp/utils/GlideZBImageLoader2.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.GlideZBImageLoader2
com/md/dzbp/tcp/HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$2$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$3
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$3$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$4
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.HC_Camera_TakePic_Handle$4$1
butterknife/runtime/R.java
 butterknife.runtime.R
 butterknife.runtime.R$attr
 butterknife.runtime.R$color
 butterknife.runtime.R$dimen
 butterknife.runtime.R$drawable
 butterknife.runtime.R$id
 butterknife.runtime.R$integer
 butterknife.runtime.R$layout
 butterknife.runtime.R$string
 butterknife.runtime.R$style
 butterknife.runtime.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/data/EmojiconDatas.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.EmojiconDatas
com/md/dzbp/ui/activity/ShowBigImageActivity.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ShowBigImageActivity
 com.md.dzbp.ui.activity.ShowBigImageActivity$1
com/md/dzbp/ui/view/ListViewForScrollView.java
 com.md.dzbp.ui.view.ListViewForScrollView
com/md/dzbp/constants/ERRORTYPE.java
 com.md.dzbp.constants.ERRORTYPE
com/md/dzbp/model/NetWorkRequest.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest$1
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest$2
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest$2$1
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest$3
 com.md.dzbp.model.NetWorkRequest$3$1
com/md/dzbp/data/VoiceReceiveMessage.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.VoiceReceiveMessage
com/md/dzbp/data/MainUpdateEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainUpdateEvent
com/md/dzbp/adapter/PicMsgReceiveItem.java
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.PicMsgReceiveItem
 com.md.dzbp.adapter.PicMsgReceiveItem$1
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/FileInfo.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.FileInfo
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.FileInfo$1
com/md/dzbp/data/MainData.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData$AttendanceBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData$ChatBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData$CourseBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData$MoralScoreBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData$NoticeBean
 com.md.dzbp.data.MainData$PhotosBean
com/md/dzbp/constants/Constant.java
 com.md.dzbp.constants.Constant
com/md/dzbp/data/CheckDelayEvent.java
 com.md.dzbp.data.CheckDelayEvent
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/md/dzbp/model/OnCompressListener.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.OnCompressListener
com/md/dzbp/model/UIDataListener.java
 com.md.dzbp.model.UIDataListener
com/md/dzbp/tcp/MsgHandleUtil.java
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$10
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$10$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$10$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$11
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$11$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$11$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$12
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$12$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$12$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$13
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$13$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$13$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$14
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$14$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$14$1$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$15
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$2$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$3
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$3$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$3$2
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$4
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$5
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$5$1
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$6
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$7
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$8
 com.md.dzbp.tcp.MsgHandleUtil$9
cn/finalteam/toolsfinal/R.java
 cn.finalteam.toolsfinal.R
com/md/dzbp/utils/hcUtils/LoginInfo.java
 com.md.dzbp.utils.hcUtils.LoginInfo
